David Bailey bel you've retired from the
police force three years ago and has
been farming snails ever since
the Amish now they've got here all
together this place can do two and a
half tons a year
[Music]
it's labor-intensive I really like to
spend five to six hours a day in here I
will use several hundred gallons of
water every day in here while David
works his ass off rearing the little
buggers at a rate of a quarter of a
minute of the year his wife Maura can
barely make enough garlic butter to keep
up I'm amazed the texture the flavor and
I have to say they do taste just as good
as the French in a way that they're
they're not sweeter we've got no reason
to be spinach to do is sort of I mean
you see there's that gun yes so you
should eat them which is crazy
well people put slug pellets down and
poison them yeah what have you and then
go to a restaurant and order half a
dozen and yeah and pay a lot of money
for that yeah when they could eat the
snails David farms are the same variety
of those found in your garden now
there's clearly millions and millions of
farm snails but what excites me more
than anything the fact they can actually
eat the snails from your back garden and
obviously eating things that are wild
a-file tastier from a chess point of
view them something farmed now rumor has
it they like coming out on the wet hence
the reason why I'm water the
garden for the first time ever I'll give
you five pence
personnel if you find them ok five
pounds
[Music]
you got 20 pence 15 pence you can't eat
garden snails immediately you need to
ensure any toxins they may have consumed
I'll purge from their system for the
first two days leave the snails without
any food and regularly wash them on day
3 give them a can and leave them for a
couple of days until you see their
droppings turn orange finally wash the
snails again and place him in the fridge
in a sidled container the cold will send
them into a deep deep sleep say goodbye
to these little buggers and send them in
there for a bath what frustrates me now
when you see these in the pan is a
feather I pay a fortune for snails and
this sort of free-range wild organic
snails from southwest of France the fact
that I've got all these snails in my
bloody back garden and I'm not paying a
penny for them we can finally say
goodbye to the French brain get your
tweezers and pick detail now look at
that
small sweet and beautiful right where
these snails now I want to sort of up
the tempo a little bit and yes they're
wild and the fun the backyard and then
they look delicious but I want to get
away from that garlic butter so this is
the most amazing sort of smoked and
Chetta
and get it nice and crispy I think one
the version out it's covering the most
amazing delicacy yes from ones
worth some fresh stage snails in Sophie
them now to finish the snails and put
some fresh parsley in there fresh lemon
juice a little bit of olive oil that now
is ready for a salad that's what the
salad lightly dressed because that's
been a big problem with snails that been
heavily doused we lost the garlic butter
and I want to keep it nice and light and
it smells amazing
the sage has got that really nice sort
of sweet spicy flavor and you got that
crispness of the bacon and you got that
really nice fresh lemon juice squeezed
all over them